# CS360
When looking at this app the goal of the app was to have a simple to use weight tracking app. I wanted it to be so that the user could launch the application and easily update or add in their daily weight and goal weight. I also wanted a database to show the stored weights that the user could select and delete if needed.
When designing the app, I needed a screen for the user to log in. This was to ensure that if they moved to a different device, they could easily still have all the data entered transferred over. I also wanted to reduce any unnecessary clutter so while designing these screens I wanted to ensure that they met the requirements of the user but were also extremely easy to use. The next screen was the home page. This has the target weight and a button to add additional weights. For this screen I wanted it to just show the target and the stored weights. The user can touch a saved weight to delete it and I felt that was a common expectation when using apps that you can select an entry which should help make it an easy feature to use. The last part of the app was the notification settings screen. This just allowed the user to turn on notifications and ask for permission if they did. I feel as though these designs are successful because of how simple they are, while also being able to express what the user is trying to find.
When programming the app, I wanted to try and create small features that I could call onto. I tried to create a database, user model, and other models. This allowed me to test those features and ensure that they worked and then implement other code to call and use them. This allowed me to ensure every feature worked or find out why it didn’t work and try to resolve it.
When designing the app, I realized over time that I wasn’t good at designing a UI for the app. I had to continuously try to change the UI to find a way to make it simpler, while also removing the need for additional screens. I realized that on each screen I moved the user to remove some data that may have been useful to them. It also over-complicated the design of the application. Throughout the design, I just had to see how I would want the user to progress in the app and what I felt was an efficient way to provide data to them.
I would say that the final UI design has helped show the knowledge and skills that I started to develop throughout the course. I like how I made the design more fluid without the need for redundant screens and it is streamlined for when the user logs into the app to have the data they need presented almost immediately.

